docs/faq: document bundle format compatibility (#597)
rauc/rauc: docs/faq.rst

Note that even if there is only an ext4 slot type available, potentially each
file system mountable as ext4 should work (with the filename suffix adapted).

Is the RAUC bundle format forwards/backwards compatible?
--------------------------------------------------------

The basic bundle format has not changed so far (squashfs containing images and
the manifest, with a CMS signature), which means that newer versions can
install old bundles.
Going forward, any issue with installing old bundles would be considered a bug.

Newer RAUC versions have added features and slot types, though (such as casync,
eMMC boot partitions, MBR/GPT partition switching).

> If you use those features, older versions of RAUC won't be able to install

Reviewer: Maybe we could be more precise here what 'won't be able' means?

```suggestion
If you use those features, older versions of RAUC that cannot handle them will refuse to install the bundle.
```
